In this video I'd like to take a few minutes and talk about the challenge exercises in this course.
Most sections of the course will have a challenge exercise that you can attempt to solve the challenges
will range from simple at the beginning of the course to very very challenging toward the end of the
course.
These challenges are programming challenges in which will typically be given a description of the challenge
and the project files to start you off.
In addition to the challenge description I'll also explain the challenge and video and walk you through
the expected output these challenges are a great opportunity for you to apply what you've learned in
each section and Kotas C++ solution that works and solves the challenge once you complete the challenge.
You can watch a video of my solution to the challenge so you can compare to your own.
Remember there are many many ways to solve the same problem and my solution is just one way but it will
provide a solution to the same problem that you can learn from.
I encourage you to make up self challenges as well.
The more code you write and the more you practice the more comfortable you'll become with C++ and the
better your code will become.
It's OK if you can't fully complete the challenge.
They're not called challenges for nothing.
Do the challenges at your own pace.
No pressure.
Have fun experiment and keep trying.
Even if you get frustrated before you know it you will be solving complex problems and creating your
own Object-Oriented programs.